Update learning objectives for intro R Notebooks (#429)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: intro-to-R-tidyverse/03-intro_to_tidyverse.Rmd

  chunk_output_type: inline
---

## Objectives

This notebook will demonstrate how to:

> - Use the tidyverse package to read and write data frames

Author: I was also torn because both ggplots and tidyverse notebooks address it but it appears to be in more detail here in the tidyverse notebook. We could include a very specific learning objective: "Read in data from text files" for the ggplot notebook, where the tidyverse notebook is more general and refers both to reading in data and saving?

> - Use the tidyverse package to read and write data frames

Reviewer: With the extra info in this notebook, I think it is fine to leave this off the ggplot notebook.

> - Use dplyr pipes to manipulate data frames
> - Implement and use functions in the tidyverse package to wrangle data (i.e. filter, mutate, arrange, join)

Reviewer: I switched the order here, and tried to a note that pipes are more general than just for data frames. 
I also changed the package name for pipes to magrittr; we should probably make that change in the notebook as well on line 202

```suggestion
- Implement and use functions in the tidyverse package to wrangle data (i.e. filter, mutate, arrange, join)
- Use `magrittr` pipes (`%>%`) to combine multiple operations 
```

Reviewer: Github automatically marked this as resolved, but I unresolved it to highlight the change on line 202 (or thereabouts) where we have a header `## dplyr pipes` which should be changed to `## magrittr pipes`

Author: Okay should be all set.

> - Use the apply function to apply functions across entire data frames  

Reviewer: I don't love the redundancy, but I can't figure out a way around it! 
I also changed style here to make the function name stand out, and highlighted the fact that we are using it specifically with matrices here.
```suggestion
- Use the `apply()` function to apply functions across rows or columns of a matrix
```

  chunk_output_type: inline
---

## Objectives

This notebook will demonstrate how to:

> - Use the tidyverse package to read and write data frames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use functions from the tidyverse to read and write data frames
```

Author: All sounds good! Will go ahead and do that.

> - Implement and use functions in the tidyverse package to wrangle data (i.e. filter, mutate, arrange, join)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implement and use tidyverse functions to wrangle data (i.e. filter, mutate, arrange, join)
```

What information is contained in `gene_df`?

## magrittr pipes

One nifty feature of the tidyverse is pipes: `%>%`

> These handy things allows you to funnel the result of one expression to the next,

Reviewer: Just adding a bit more context here while we are at it!
```suggestion
These handy things, which come from the `magrittr` package, allow you to funnel the result of one expression to the next,
```
